refactor(docs): split monolithic api reference into multiple files (#722)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/api/voice.rst

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. currentmodule:: disnake

Voice

> ======
> 
> This section documents everything related to interaction with Discord voice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=====

This section documents everything related to voice connections.
```
